{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16600\viewh15200\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 START\
\
I am writing this because I have given up other habits, that I would otherwise indulge in, after working from 10 to 5, (sort of) and in the absence of other people to talk to. Tell me. Tell me. Something interesting.\
\
If I were to write a story, it\'92d be a fantasy. I loved Name of the Wind, and would have liked the Eragon series (no, not dragon), if it weren\'92t so slow sometimes. Is something wrong with me? Fantasy, horror\'85 I like the stuff that is flashy, that never comes off as high brow.\
\
Here. \
\
Here is a woman. She is old. Her children may love her, but they are a little too busy to look after her any more. Never mind that they spend their summers in Venice and Paris, as if Shanghai, the most fashionable city in China, was not good enough for them. The woman can not walk too well anymore, and, excepting her personal maid, she lives alone.\
\
At three seconds past midnight, she turns off the TV and goes to the bathroom. Then she gets in bed. Her maid, curled in a cot beside her, does not stir. When she thinks she hears a knocking on her bedroom door, she goes into the living room and turns on the lights, and sees the Calla looking back at her.\
\
This is a horror story, and she is a nameless character, and she is going to die. Oh- is \'93she\'94 and \'93the woman\'94 getting repetitive? We can call her Ah Mah then. It\'92s a nickname of sorts, that translates to \'93mother\'94. It\'92s what people call her these days. The people who know her name are in Rome now.\
\
This is a horror story, and Ah Mah is going to die. But in truth, her death is no real tragedy. The tragedy is not that Ah Mah\'92s maid will find her in the morning, with her mouth gaping so wide that it surely must be dislocated, and her eyes bulging in an expression of supreme, heart-stopping shock. The real tragedy is that, for all Ah Mah\'92s struggles, to rise out of poverty, to marry well (in spite of love and abuse), to grant her children the opportunities that she never had, she has wasted the last 20 years trapped in this gods-damned apartment, doing nothing at all.\
\
Much of this might have occurred to her, given time. \
\

\i Not much suspense\'85but at least I got to play with my narrative voice a little. And something about wasting 20 years resonated with me, heh.\
\

\i0 A gust whipped through the Willow Marsh, and the reeds bent before it. The mist hung thick over the water- icy cold, so that the travelers\'92 clothes were soaked through, and thick so that those in the procession could scarcely see 10 feet ahead of them.\
\
First came Iroh, the chieftain. His brow was painted in the fashion of his father, and his father before him. He had been an unintelligent brute of a man, whose main talent was a vicious animal instinct that had taken him through dozens of battles, challenges, and drunken scuffles. Yet he could tell which way the wind blew. When the Others landed, with their lightning swords and flying devils, he took what he could and fled.\
\
Then came his men. Armed with glad-spears and dressed in scale, they would have been a formidable sight. But their scale was nothing but additional weight against the Others, and the arms that held the spears had grown thin. Many were peppered with red, oozing holes. One picked a worm from a gap above his elbow, and put it in his mouth.\
\
His women followed. They had been beautiful once- soft eyed, round of hip, thick haired. He had taken them frequently in the early weeks of their trek. \
\
Finally, twenty feet behind the rest, walked the Ah Mah. She favored her left leg. If and when she fell down, they would not help her. This she knew. The disease was already inside her, yet her eyes were bright and angry. \
\
The chief and his second were arguing. Analuss pointed his spear in her direction and mimed a limp. He waved his hand at the people behind him, pointing at swollen stomachs and stick limbs. He shouted a little more. Iroh was quiet, and drilled a hole in the ground with his spear. He looked everywhere and at everyone but Analuss and his Ah Mah. Finally, he nodded.\
\

\i How depressing! How about you actually set a scene, instead of all this stuff?\
\
}